we are in San Leonardo di Cutro where we were contacted by the family
we were contacted by bruno for one
for something a bit peculiar indeed
the family scicchitano April 25 during the night between 25 and 26 April
they noticed that it is in front of their home that is surrounded by you
many wheat fields
a particular band
and totally lowered practically as can also be seen from the images
of wheat resulting
deformed lowered while the remaining pregnant field is always covered anyway
from wheat to head growing
doubts arose at the end of the year called kitano inform berry and both
to the television viewers throughout the province
but they also contacted the carabinieri and the fire brigade
today we wanted quatuor or site inspection we did some filming
with the camera we actually noticed this weirdness
the strangest thing is that we must confirm what we have
seen and that of wheat fields that there are so many are all
how many intact
we are here with the dark lady anna marie who called us and there
will explain better
how this happened how to say this surprise
hey this surprises because my kind night yesterday morning from the clubs e
modest version 7 watch it super attack
and there are alarmed seeing this land-lowered sky phenomenon
because we finally saw normal de cordoba gr
to giving us yesterday morning and summer morning we gave it pub astatke si si
ill mate that there has been some phenomenon of
tweet then the naked breast problem benefit in the night between 25 and 26
april food and we were last night nice day we were playing the whole thing
normal
la martina visual areas friends yesterday morning we saw this phenomenon of
stile
in these days even a vuto, however, as you said before, it is not there
been the day I also become a rouge of heavy rain which is the pan
when the wind is not that stupid
not even know out why they took us away
so only a few piaggio with now calmed down to the night
and we have seen all this is strangeness
lady we can note precisely how the difference between a grain
which is growing normal and this grain so lowered
as if there were some
quake and half heavy prophetie made her to sink underground and grit
something that anyway was supported on
but very heavy because Milan could not be in these conditions
because the 3 good this other disastrous part of the grain we see that
there was something normal and another thing normal text is given by
also made however of wheat that lowered and already almost seco
hehe bad and m harp c3 horn in the
not so much because perennials enter your grave it takes June
so baby this year how nice to have you again
to be so it is composed has been burned by the medium that has been known
so to conclude you, what do you think of this story?
I think about you there will be something here at night on the 25th night
library law 26 we have noticed this this strangeness
but you have heard some noise you have warned some light no no no
we heard barking dog story
the other news
and that's enough because when there is something strange dog barks they warn me
shoeing and thinking that there was some animal because the well-known rapper appeared
a closer then baiano